okay here it is the flight design CT all
carbon fiber
not very big i'd say i don't know maybe
about 20 feet maybe 25 feet across this
is not the CTLs this is the CW which has
the shorter fuselage and it does not
have the additional rear window but it
does have all the same electronics the
gear is fixed it's fixed gear um inside
of here there's a out a wing of aluminum
tubes here the nose wheel I'm not even
sure if it's terrible or not I'm
guessing it probably is yeah it looks
like it's terrible is the exhaust no
rivets to check and we'll get a view the
inside here in a moment um kind of see
the connections here
it's just a bolt here holding it and
then it's a pull pull system kind of
like on a model basically there's your
cables to pull pull the elevator I don't
know if you could see it
you can see this is all carbon fiber all
right